If our car gets minor scratches
or dents, then
in that case should we make an insurance claim
or not, this is a big
question. All the new car buyers
whose car is 68 months old
and such an incident happens with them, then there is a
very curious question in their mind,
so in this video we will
talk in depth about it and I
hope by the end of this video
all your doubts will be cleared, just a
few days ago my car had a minor
accident in which
my front bumper was broken from the side
and the front headlight was also
broken, now let me tell you all, whenever
any of your plastic parts breaks,
in that case it is not repaired under insurance,
they replace it with a new part, if any
such incident happens in your car in
which any plastic part breaks
and that plastic part is a major
break, then in that case it is
wise to take insurance, there is no
I think it doesn't make any sense for you to get it repaired from outside
because when you can get a new part
from the company, then there is no sense in getting it repaired from outside.
And
in my case also, I did the same thing that the
cost of the bumper and headlight was very high,
so I made sure that it is
better to take an insurance claim for it, so I got a
file opened for Rs. 00 and took an insurance claim for it.
Now let's talk about the second case.
In the second case, if
by chance you are reversing a car or
someone takes a car from your side, due to which
your doors get minor
scratches or some minor dents appear.
You all know that
majorly the metal parts of your car like
doors etc. and your fender
line etc. are where your major dents
appear. On the left side,
most of the dents appear around your fender line.
Now the question arises whether
we should take an insurance claim for it or
not.  Now you should understand this that
if any of your metal parts ever gets damaged, then it is
never replaced.
In every situation, your metal part will be
replaced only when it has deteriorated from its original form by 60°.
If it gets deformed by 30° or 40°
from its original position, what happens in that case is that
it is repaired by denting
and then that metal part is repaired with putty work and is
painted and given to you.
Due to which what happens is that the
value of that metal part goes down
and if you ever
sell off your car in future and the
metal of that particular portion is checked with a metal detector, then it is
found
that putty work has been done there,
due to which the overall cost of your car also reduces.
So I will always recommend this to you that
if you have minor dents or
scratches, then in that case, do not reduce the
overall value of your car by getting putty work done on it.
Do it, there is
no such problem with minor dents. In
future, if your car ever gets some
major scratches etc., then
in that case,
you may get a completely new part.
In insurance, for minor
dents, the company will
only give you repair work in the insurance claim. You should go
thinking that it is a minor dent, it is not possible for my entire
part to be repaired or
replaced. That is
why I say that do not bring down the value of
its paint by getting putty work done on minor dents.
Thirdly, for those
minor scratches that occur,
I think that I personally
use a tool, there is a product from 3M,
it is very useful, you will find its link
in the description. With it, I
removed quite a lot of major scratches and you
can work on it with a machine and hand work
also works in it, so I would
recommend you that if you have minor scratches,  If you have
scratches, then order a substance from 3M. It costs up
to Rs. 100 and is excellent and
long-lasting. It will remove all your minor scratches. The
clear coat is also safe, so there is
no worry about it.
For minor dents, I would
recommend that you make sure that you do not get
any putty work done on it, etc., or any
repainting done. Keep your vehicle as
original as you can, only then will the
shine of your vehicle
remain intact because once the work is done, it will lose its shine.
And let me tell you all, no matter how many vehicles
you get the work done at an official service center,
all the workers there are so
many vehicles and they have so
much work to do that it is just a matter of time. There is no one
who is working diligently. I mean,
you see your vehicle restored to its original state. This is a
very rare case. There must be
such workshops, but right now, there is no
workshop near me that is doing
such excellent work.  So I
hope you will like the video and it will be informative. If you
liked the video for some reason, then you
can definitely like, share and subscribe to
All About Cars channel. Till then keep
smiling, keep rocking and always
drive safe.